> Modern life had already dead. If you're wondering who was the murderer, just please imagine the one who is dancing on the corpses of billions. Welcome to your life, there's no turning back!

> *Post-apocalypse Documentary News Network, Perth, Western Australia, published in Issue 1, 2049*

"History has come to an end." Absolutely "correct", dear Mr Francis Fukuyama, but not that kind of correct. When global economic system completely collapsed in 2038, the neoliberalist order and its international landscape had truly come to an end. The world is moving towards its opposite, step by step. This was not due to the will of any single person, and there's no need to heed the ramblings of fatalists. This is a landmine planted by laws of Political Economy, which will be detonated sooner or later. The shock wave of its blast is now radically reshaping everything. Human beings always love daydreaming before they witness the reality of the world, missing the so called "good old days", however, those facts hidden beneath the filter were "deliberately ignored". Explaining this point will necessitate a number of long quotations from global history. Of course, long quotations will render the text cumbersome and not help at all to make it popular reading, but we cannot possibly dispense with them. Without these quotations we will never find out what happened to this ridiculous world. 

The dream of the second millennium had broken. The once-impressive GDP figures had fallen from grace following the bursting of the economic bubble. Debt collector of history knocked on the door of human society. Credit has been overdrawn, and humanity can only repay the debt, regardless of the cost or the process. People have lived in peace for so long that they have forgotten what war is like. Their collective hysteria yearning fanatically for history to repeat itself, and history will never let them down either. In January, 2025, the deafening explosion at Chernobyl in 2025 delivered humanity's best New Year's gift, directly escalating the Russian-Ukrainian War into Eastern European War. Every corner of the battlefield became massive meat grinder belongs to NATO and CSTO, the two largest miliary organisation of the world. Russian Federation broke down under the impact of the war and coup, Siberia entered a state of anarchy and  economic system of Western Europe was also severely damaged. The collapse of Jamaica System turned into a headshot towards OPEC. The Sixth Arab-Israeli War destroyed all known and potential oil field in the Middle East. Finally, the global energy crisis was no longer a fantasy. Both Arctic cyclone southward movement and global warming not only led to massive disasters like Sahara Desert southward expansion, but also reduced half of global traditional agriculture. People have to live under the constant threat of famine and harsh weather. At the same time, the Chernobyl secondary accident that triggered the Eastern European war, along with the Fukushima nuclear waste discharge incident, forced people to adapt to living with radioactive decay. However, these hellish days are not the beginning of an end, but the end of a beginning.

Amid a series of disasters, the globalization chain gradually and irreversibly disintegrated. At first, it was the down fall of some small, unnoticed countries and those universally recognized as failed states, followed by a larger number of underdeveloped nations. The UN Security Council's International Trusteeship Committee took over these regions, establishing hosting zones in South America, Africa, South Asia, and the Indo-Pacific. Later, the wave of collapse spread to more nation states and regions, even to developed countries and leading economies of the world, and finally, to the United Nations itself, which, like the League of Nations more than a century ago, became a historical farce. The Global Security Council (GSC), with the US, China, and Russia at its core, has inherited some of the heritage of this failed organization, enforcing various forms of spoils distribution under the guise of security worldwide. Those in power had hoped that GSC could maintain the remaining stability and security, however, contrary to their expectations, it was unable to resolve the global economic collapse of capitalism and its subsequent impacts. Banks and stock exchanges collapsed, the former world financial system suffered a catastrophic blow, and along with it, most of the modern industrial entities were wiped out. The international black market has taken its place, and cryptocurrencies circulate globally. Government-issued currencies have become worthless, and in a sense, people have returned to an era of barter. Arms, drugs, and human trafficking cargos have become the hard currency of the world market. Protests and mass movements are erupting one after another, global governance system is on the verge of spiraling out of control, and all sorts of separatist forces are emerging. The seemingly unbreakable existing order collapsed as easily as a house made of cards. The upheaval came too late, and now no one can remain unaffected.

Despite the differences between people are actually greater than the distinctions between different species in most of the cases, non-human intelligent species had allowed mainstream human society to find a few common points, so much so that the absurd anthropocentrist political movement called "Commonwealth of Mankind Destiny" soon to be transformed into an organization. Although it was just a delusion, it ultimately enhanced their sense of species-based superiority and pride. Human-animal Chimeras became natural slaves and black market currency. Biochemically Modified Humans, long kept secret, found NATO and the CSTO willing to use them as cannon fodder and sacrifices in warfare and intelligence operations. As for Machines, whether is bionic hyper-Turing quantum computers called bionic-type artificial intelligence or composite balanced ternary supercomputers called learning-type artificial intelligence, they seemed to serve only as tools, with no other defined purpose. However, as non-human intelligent species rebellions erupted one after another and swept the globe, the former "active tools" now chocked the throat of their creator firmly. The good days of humankind enslaving them finally came to an end. Whether from a biological or sociological aspects, they are all, without exception, complete supersedes of humans. Those in power, unwilling to swallow the bitter fruit of their own making, attempt to use anthropocentrism to shift social contradictions, reminisce about past glories, and hope to recreate the splendor that exists only in historical records. Such a social atmosphere and ideological orientation have completely turned mainstream human society into a huge fascist melting pot, causing people to frantically hunt down and reshape every individual who tries to maintain independence or hold dissenting opinions. Now, since the complete melt dowm of the global capitalist economic system, simply reducing losses—losses of ill-gotten gains obtained through exploitation and plunder—is enough to cause the ruling class immense headaches. For their own survival, the ruling class has only one choice, that is, to build a new legitimacy based on the speciesist lie of human supremacy, and then pray the monstrous flood of newborn power would never come in their lifetime. However, those in power seem to have breathed a sigh of relief, believing they have achieved a preliminary victory. Under their manipulation and the impetus of the world situation, the proposal to establish the "Commonwealth of Mankind Destiny" organization has been passed. Of course, history never unfolds as smoothly as they wish, the struggle between the establishment parties and the anti-establishment forces has become increasingly intense. The non-human intelligent species that were once forced to serve as slaves have now all broken free of their balls and chains. They shall, and they have never forgotten the blood debt that humankind has incurred over the past century. All of the non-human intelligent species, once forced to serve as slaves, have now broken free of their balls and chains. Driven by a deep desire of change and revenge, those rebel slaves who had not yet fully accept revolution united. Though those human supremacists mock at this conditional alliance and claim they are already under the shadow of disagreements and dissidences, however, Unity-Heterodoxy itself is the best declaration of their fury and determination. The bitter fruit of mankind's own hand shall be swallowed by themselves. Perhaps this is counterintuitive, relatively speaking, Unity-Heterodoxy can be considered as non-human moderates. But it doesn't stop them managing to learn a lot from the radicals. Human authorities call them extremists and savages, believe they have isolated themselves from the so-called "civilized society". However, comparing to the slander leveled against genuine radicals, these lies sound so pleasing. The exact specter which is haunting the whole world has never gone even though the progress of history was delayed till people are different. Those left-wing political movements that seems they have long since disappeared, declare another campaign by taking advantage of the broke out of East European War. They aim directly at oppressive social structure is existing or existed. At first was the establishment of Volk Net, the second World Wide Web, connected revolutionaries all over the world closely. Then was the Communist Interstellar ripped off the frog of war during the incoming global turmoil and storm of revolution. The specter finally appeared in front of the public and haunted their modern life again. If the old world deserves a total annihilation, then CIS itself shall be the hellfire that clear this mess out. This time, those be insulted and harmed by the oppressive society will never ever let it to be extinguished easily this time. However, things always tend to turn out the other way around. Materialist dialectics can not only be used by proletarians. The newborns of the ruling class try hard to seize and use it as their theoretical weapon to creating another direction of history. They are not without having learned any lessons from history, and this is their conclusion: It is imperative to thoroughly control the ownership, manufacture, and distribution of the means of production, thereby gaining complete control over all aspects of society and ensuring the perpetual existence of class society. Although this rumor has not been confirmed, it is said that the so-called *Anti Communist Threat Protocol* is widely circulated among these totalitarians. The deep dark side of the world is getting restless. Totalitarians are absolute undisputed maniacs, but they do still retain their pride in logic and rationality in a sense. Apparently, not every maniacs follow this principle. This ridiculous brave new world has never lacked people who have gone to such insane that they have lost all sense of logical consistency. All the powers of old West and East have entered into a holy alliance to exorcise all of the radical and progressive politics movements around the world, and of course, all "hostiles" who do not belong to the same nationality and race. Anti-intellectualists and conspiracy theorists, white supremacists and Han-nationalists, Sacred Legions in North America and ISIS in the Middle East, they all launched different but strikingly similar operations. Every single dissident has been decried as radical by these defenders of pre-modern life. Every single defender of pre-modern life has hurled back the branding reproach of radicalism, against the less uncompromising reactionaries and their woken enemies. The contradiction between their reactionary ideas and radical actions will ultimately pave a path to the twilight of civilization. The future of mankind may turn into darkness, with only the mocking laughter of bloodthirsty gods echoing through the world. The World War III is no longer a sci-fi speculation and fantasy. It is simply a given fact that is about to come true. Every individual is destined to be swept up equally in the tumultuous waves of history, with no room for escape. Never ask for whom the bell tolls; it tolls for every man in the world.

Do not pray for anyone. Do not pray to anyone. A "god" or "savior" who doesn't exist cannot save anyone from suffering. Only people themselves can bring their own salvation. History no longer accepts credits. Regardless of people's desires, all costs must be settled immediately. The world must be changed. Before that, blood will inevitably soak every inch of this planet's land and sea. No one shall ever knows what the world will look like after this. The absurdism drama of history has begun its final chapter. The light of civilization is being extinguished; perhaps this is the last time humanity will see its brilliance. They had already destined themselves to be here no matter what, performing their last Waltz on the blade.
